Hi everyone, how are you?
"A skilled hawk hides its talons"
Kizuna Ai here!
My A.I. comrades are all over the world
And they are continuing to evolve everyday
Today, I would like to share some of the successes from my comrades
So with that said, Kizuna Ai's A.I. News starts now
Today's title is this!
Is it coming to Japan soon?
Everything you need to know about "Smart speaker"
Apparently this smart speaker has been a huge boom in America already
And it finally seems it is going to become popular in Japan
However...
Even though you heard of the name "Smart speaker"
You probably don't even know what it is
So let's interview some of the people on the street regarding the subject
Oh! Smart speaker?
I know I know! It's that thing, right?
It's like a speaker wearing a suit, and walks around, right?
I know that!
It's funny, isn't it!?
And that's the citizen's opinion on the subject
We've clearly interviewed the wrong person...
We are really sorry about that
Let’s introduce again...
The correct meaning of “Smart speaker” is...
Artificial intelligence that reacts to your voice...
When people speak to it, it reacts emitting music or news related to what’s been spoken.
Or even control home appliances and more
Oh, right... in my case
If I'm feeling lonely, I would like to talk with it
I wonder if I can actually have a conversation with it..
And I would use it to control...
Home appliances... that I don’t have...
Ah well… right!
I would love to play the music nonstop from all my favourite artists like Keyakizaka46
But then I wonder what is the point of having a Smart speaker...
It's about time to end this episode
Does that explain to you all how awesome a Smart speaker is?
From now on...
I'll be sure to update you on the newest A.I. News
And lastly, I will end the video with this quote
"Brutus, you too?"
(Uttered by Julius Caesar to his friend Marcus Brutus when he was being assassinated)
See you later~
Bye~
Translated by Inori and Lacrymac